[IS-7.0] Provide recommendation to use Custom User Schema to add custom attributes (#4594)
wso2/docs-is: en/identity-server/7.0.0/docs/references/extend/user-mgt/provisioning/extend-scim2-user-schemas.md

The SCIM 2.0 (System for Cross-Domain Identity Management) specification defines a [fixed set of default attributes](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7643#section-8.2){:target="_blank"} for the user object. This set is defined to ensure the interoperability and it can cater to most of the industry's identity management requirements. However, in reality, organizations have their own attributes defined for their users which have already been used in their LDAP schemas. Therefore, SCIM is extensible enough to cope with custom attributes and uses the [Enterprise User Extension](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7643#section-8.3){:target="_blank"} to support extra attributes for the SCIM user object.

> WSO2 Identity Server allows users to define their own user schema in addition to the core user schema. These configured schema are then used while creating or validating user objects. This means that custom user attributes can be passed using SCIM for identity management requirements.

Reviewer: in addition to the core user schema, enterprise user schema

> WSO2 Identity Server allows users to define their own user schema in addition to the core user schema. These configured schema are then used while creating or validating user objects. This means that custom user attributes can be passed using SCIM for identity management requirements.

Reviewer: own user schema -> own user attributes

Author: This will be fixed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4597

The SCIM 2.0 (System for Cross-Domain Identity Management) specification defines a [fixed set of default attributes](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7643#section-8.2){:target="_blank"} for the user object. This set is defined to ensure the interoperability and it can cater to most of the industry's identity management requirements. However, in reality, organizations have their own attributes defined for their users which have already been used in their LDAP schemas. Therefore, SCIM is extensible enough to cope with custom attributes and uses the [Enterprise User Extension](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7643#section-8.3){:target="_blank"} to support extra attributes for the SCIM user object.

WSO2 Identity Server allows users to define their own user schema in addition to the core user schema. These configured schema are then used while creating or validating user objects. This means that custom user attributes can be passed using SCIM for identity management requirements.

> !!! Note

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Not recommended"
```

Author: Addressed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4594/commits/1eeb79cb3618689ba3216361d1cd3caddd7b30de

>     From 6.0.0 onwards, we can use the [SCIM2 Custom User Schema]({{base_path}}/guides/users/attributes/manage-scim2-attribute-mappings) to add custom attributes of the user.

Author: Addressed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4594/commits/1eeb79cb3618689ba3216361d1cd3caddd7b30de

>     Reasons why we introduced custom schema to add custom attributes: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Using enterprise user extension for custom user attributes is not recommended for the following reasons: 
```

Author: Addressed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4594/commits/1eeb79cb3618689ba3216361d1cd3caddd7b30de

>         1. According to the current model, Enterprise User Extension attributes are in a file, and those configurations are applicable at the server level. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        1. According to the current model, Enterprise User Extension attributes are contained in a file. Hence, any modifications to this file will be applied at the server level.
```

Author: Addressed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4594/commits/1eeb79cb3618689ba3216361d1cd3caddd7b30de

>         2. Enterprise User Extension is a defined schema, and it should not be allowed to be modified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        2. As Enterprise User Extension is a defined schema, it must remain unchanged.
```

Author: Addressed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4594/commits/1eeb79cb3618689ba3216361d1cd3caddd7b30de

>     So it is recommended to use the SCIM2 Custom User Schema to add custom attributes of the user instead of Enterprise User Schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    
```

Author: Addressed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4594/commits/1eeb79cb3618689ba3216361d1cd3caddd7b30de
